How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It focused on areas where the file was different, saving me time in 
    locating the error by limiting the amount of code I had to review.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If I make a mistake or if I get stuck and my code no longer works, I can
    revert to an earlier code that work without having to re-write everything.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: you control when to make the commits and can ensure the commits represent
    logically separate points in your code
    Cons: There's a risk of losing hours of meaningful work on a feature if an interruption
    in the coding/thinking process results in an accidental loss of the code

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is a version control system primarily designed for programming. Since writing
    software code will often require several files to interact with one another at
    the same time (e.g. html / css/ js files, or OOP involving classes), it makes
    sense for Git to allow saving multiple files in one commit. Others, like Google Docs,
    are designed for self-contained files (e.g. Word, Excel, or PowerPoint files) and 
    thus those files need to be treated separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log enables you to see at once all the commits that have been performed on
    a file whereas git diff allows you to specifically find the changes / differences
    between two files

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    FYou can always go back to change it since you can locate the commit at which point
    the bug was introduced

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Write awesome code for the next big thing
